# DBSCAN
Implementation of an ML algorithm, DBSCAN, on metabolome abundance data in treatment naive GBM patients.

Description of the data:
Proteogenomic and metabolomic characterization of human glioblastoma. Whole genome or whole exome sequencing of 99 samples. Generated by CPTAC. 

As seen in "Proteogenomic and metabolomic characterization of human glioblastoma. Cancer cell" by Wang LB, Karpova A, Gritsenko MA, et al. (doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ccell.2021.01.006),
Metabolite identifications and data processing were conducted as previously detailed (Webb-Robertson et al., 2014). GC-MS raw data files were processed using Metabolite Detector software v2.0.6 beta (Hiller et al., 2009). Retention indices (RI) of detected metabolites were calculated based on the analysis of the FAMEs mixture, followed by their chromatographic alignment across all analyses after deconvolution. Metabolites were identified by matching experimental spectra to an augmented version of the Agilent Fiehn Metabolomics Retention Time Locked (RTL) Library (Kind et al., 2009), containing spectra and validated retention indices. All metabolite identifications were manually validated. The NIST 08 GC-MS library was also used to cross validate the spectral matching scores obtained using the Agilent library and to provide identifications for metabolites that were initially unidentified. The three most abundant fragment ions in the spectra of each identified metabolite were automatically determined by Metabolite Detector, and their summed abundances were integrated across the GC elution profile. A matrix of identified metabolites, unidentified metabolite features, and their corresponding abundances for each sample in the batch were exported for statistics. 

Executive Summary 


		
Table Of Contents

Introduction

    About the domain
  	Scope and Objectives 
   
Detailed design architecture

	Proposed system architecture	
	Design architecture 	
	Methodology	
 
Implementation	

	About the code 	
	Functions and tools used
 
Results and Discussions 	
  
Conclusion and Future enhancement	
 
Chapter 1                                      
INTRODUCTION






1.1	About the Domain







1.2 Scope and Objectives 







Chapter 2 
DETAILED DESIGN ARCHITECTURE

2.1 Proposed System Architecture





2.2 Design Architecture






2.3 Methodology






Chapter 3 
IMPLEMENTATION

3.1 About the code









3.2 Functions and Tools used









Chapter 4 
RESULTS AND DISCUSSIONS






















CONCLUSION AND FUTURE ENHANCEMENT 

